                                                         7/3/90
                    
    Mathematical Derivation of the Total Requirements Tables
                  for the Input-Output Study 1/


The following are definitions:

     U  is a commodity-by-industry matrix in which the column
        shows for a given industry the amount of each commodity
        it uses, including noncomparable imports (I-0 80) and
        scrap, used, and secondhand goods (I-0 81).  The matrix
        excludes the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) I-0
        78.0300.  I-0 81 is designated below as scrap.  The
        intermediate portion of the use table (table 1) less CCC
        inputs is the estimate of U.

     V  is an industry-by-commodity matrix in which the column
        shows for a given commodity the amount produced in each
        industry.  V has columns showing only zero entries for
        noncomparable imports and for scrap.  The estimate of V
        is contained in columns 1 - 79 of the make table (table
        2).

     h  is a column vector in which each entry shows the total
        amount of each industry's production of scrap.  The
        estimate of h is contained in column 81 of the make
        table.  Scrap is treated in such a way as to prevent its
        requirements as an input from generating output in the
        industries in which it originates.

     e  is a column vector in which each entry shows the total
        final demand purchases for each commodity from the use
        table (table 1) plus purchases by CCC I-0 78.0300.

     q  is a column vector in which each entry shows the total
        amount of the output of each commodity.

     g  is a column vector in which each entry shows the total
        amount of each industry's output, including its
        production of scrap.

     B  is a commodity-by-industry matrix in which entries in
        each column show the amount of a commodity used by an
        industry per dollar of output of that industry.  The
        intermediate portion of table 3 contains the estimate of
        B, derived from the use table.

     D  is an industry-by-commodity matrix in which entries in
        each column show for a given commodity (excluding scrap)
        the proportion of the total output of that commodity
        produced in each industry.  D is referred to as the
        market share matrix.

     p  is a column vector in which each entry shows the ratio of
        the value of scrap produced in each industry to the
        industry's total output.  Estimates for p and D are
        derived from the make table.

     ^  is a symbol which when placed over a vector indicates a
        square matrix in which the elements of the vector appear
        on the main diagonal and zeros elsewhere.

     i  is a unit (summation) vector containing only l's. Its ^
        relation to the identity matrix (I) is shown by  1 = I.


The following are identities:

                         (1) q = Ui + e
                         (2) g = Vi + h


The following are assumptions:

     Inputs are required in proportion to output and the
     proportions are the same for an industry's primary and
     secondary products (the industry technology assumption); 
     then:
                                     ^
                            (3) U = Bg

     Each commodity (other than scrap) is produced by the various
     industries in fixed proportions (the market shares
     assumption); then
                                     ^
                            (4) V = Dq
                            
     Scrap output in each industry is proportional to total output
     of the industry; then
                                   ^
                            (5) h= pg
                                     

The model expressed in equations (1) through (5) thus involves
three constants (B, D, p) and six variables (U, V, h, e, q, g).
The model solution is derived as follows:

     Substituting (3) into (1) gives:

                         (6) q = Bg + e

     Substituting (4) into (2) gives:

                         (7) g - h = Dq

     Substituting (5) into (7) and solving for g:
     
                               ^
                           g - pg = Dq
                           
                               ^
                          (I - p)g = Dq
                          
                                    ^ -1
                       (8) g = (I - p)  Dq
                                 
                             ^ -1    
                    Let (I - p)   D = W, then

                           (9) g = Wq

     Substituting (9) into (6) and solving for q:

                           q = BWq + e

                          (I - BW)q = e

                                       -1
                      (10) q = (I - BW)  e

     Substituting (10) into (9) gives:

                                        -1
                      (11) g = W(I - BW)  e

             -1
     (I - BW)    is the commodity-by-commodity total requirements
	matrix, giving commodity output required per dollar of each
	commodity delivered to final demand.
	
              -1
     W(I - BW)    is the industry-by-commodity total requirements
	matrix, giving the industry output required per dollar of
	each commodity delivered to final demand.


     1. The notation and derivation of the tables presented follow
the System of National Accounts recommended by the United Nations.
See:  A System of  National Accounts Studies in Methods, Series F
No. 2 Rev. 3, United Nations, New York, 1968;  also, Stone, R.,
Bacharach, M. & Bates, J., "Input-Output Relationships, 1951-1966,"
Programme for Growth, Volume 3, London, Chapman and Hall, 1963.
                                                                


